# Weekly Updates for March 17, 2022
Meeting topics: Preparing for meeting with voluneers, Progress of Audit Report section

Notes taken in [#16 on the internship repo](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/issues/16).

## Updates from this week:
### Swast start writing report, about the Google Doc audit specifically
  - [Notes so far](https://www.notion.so/Audit-Report-Draft-5a473dd44480453eaa63e8a2fd2b092c)
### Swast to look into papers for inspiration for report structure
  - Could not find concrete examples
### Isabela to help schedule with collaborators 
  - We scheduled with Gabriel, Eric, Tony and Noa
  - One mentor is present at each meeting.
### May or may not meet a collaborator by next week's meeting.
  - Met Gabriel on March 16, but had technical problems and couldn't complete audit. Rescheduled for next week, March 22.
  - Will meet with Eric after this internship meeting.
  - Will meet Tony and Noa next week as well.

## Discussion/resource topics:
### Isabela's [Document Outline Ideas](https://github.com/isabela-pf/internship/blob/main/discussion-resources/outlines.md)
- Still not very specific examples

### Discuss what we want from meetings with volunteers
- How can we help Swast feel better prepared for the meetings with audits?
    - Swast: "I could make a notion doc for to share the resources and an audit table which will have the tasks to be done"
    -  Should we figure out the meeting agenda in our internship chat first? And then bring it to the volunteer group chat?
    - Perhaps there was a misunderstanding how much the mentors or Swast figures out meeting agenda.
    - Tania recommended to make concrete actions for agenda
    - Need to clearly lay out what we would like and expect from the end of a meeting with a volunteer.
- Meeting with Noa, she can talk more about web accessibility.
    - Swast brought up a paper '[Web Accessibility Challenges](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/309660088_Web_Accessibility_Challenges)', which could bring up discussion points for meeting Noa
- Swast could prepare a Notion doc to prepare for meeting with volunteers
- Meeting With Eric: first 30 minutes do audit, 15 minutes discussion
    - Agenda
    - 1. Run audit of JupyterLab RTC using Eric's screen-reader, completing these 5 actions
      - Share document
      - Make a comment
      - Read a comment
      - Respond to a comment
      - Find where other people in document
    - 2. Discuss this question with Eric: If you were to read a best-practices document about accessible RTC, what would you like to look for?

### How to write an audit report?
  - [Resource: How to Write a Good Audit Report: 4 Key Resources to Follow](https://www.auditboard.com/blog/4-key-resources-effective-audit-reporting/)
  - Going through audit written so far. 
  - Can outline with headers. Or free-write. Or record yourself to start thinking and then transcribe.
  - Should we put in the Notion table 
  - Having difficulty completing Audit Report section specifically
  - Not sure how Audit Report fits in with rest of report
  - As we still haven't been able to find concrete examples of a best practices document, we may need to create our own
  - Decided to schedule with Swast a collaborative brainstorming section to figure out structure and specific headers of report

## What are you planning on working on next?
- Meet with Eric to run audit of JupyterLab with screen-reader and disucss the report
- Have a collaborative brainstorming section to figure out structure and specific headers of report
- Prepare for meetings with other collaborators in the group chat

## Proposed topics/to-dos we did not cover this week:
